---
title: 我在生命中学到了什么（转）
date: 2019-04-14 13:19:31
intro: if everyone is busy making everything, how can anyone perfect anything?
featured_image: https://s2.ax1x.com/2019/08/21/mtHwlT.md.jpg
tags: 
    - life
---

<iframe frameborder="no" border="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" width=330 height=86 src="//music.163.com/outchain/player?type=2&id=417247&auto=1&height=66"></iframe>
That no matter how good a person is, sometimes they can hurt you.. because of this we must forgive.

It's takes years to build trust and only seconds to destroy it.

We don't have to change friends if we understand that friends change.

The circumstances and the environment influence our lives, but we are the ones who are responsible for ourselves..

That you have to control you acts, or the will control you..

That patience requires mach practice..

That there are people who love us, but simply don't know how to show it...

That sometimes the person you think will hurt you and make you fall..

..is instead one of the few who will help you get up..

you should never tell a child that dreams are fake, it would be a tragedy if they knew..

It's not always enough to be forgive by someones..

In most cases you have to forgive yourself first...

That no matter in how many pieces you heart is broken..

The world doesn't stop to fix it.

Maybe God wants us to meet all the wrong people first before meeting the right one..

So, when we finally meet the right one we are grateful for that gift.

When the door of happiness closes, another opens..

But often we look so long at the closed one..

We don't see what was open for us.

The best kind of friend is the kind in which you can sit on porch and walk, 

without saying a word, when you leave it feels like it was the best conversation you ever had.

It's true we don't know what we have until we find it..

But it's also true, we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives.

it only takes a minute yo offend someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone..

But it takes a life time to forget someone.

Don't look for appearances, they can be deceiving.

Don't go for wealth, because even that can fade.

Find someone who makes you smile, because it only takes a smile to make a day better.

Find what makes your heart smile.

There are moments in life when you miss some so much.

That you wish you can take them out of your dream and hug them for real.

Dream what you want, go wherever you want to go..

Because you have only one life and one chance to do the things you want to do.

The happiest people do not necessarily have the best of everything..

They just make the best of everything that comes their way.

The best future is based on a forgotten past..

You can't go on well in life until you let go of your past failures and heartaches.

When you where born you were crying, and every one around you was smiling.

Live your life so that when you die, you're the one that is smiling and everyone around you crying.

<center>剣は凶器。剣術は殺人術。
どんな綺麗事やお題目をならべても、それが真実。</center>





